# Effects-of-Sea-Surface-Temperature-and-Beach-Seine-Locations-on-Abundance-of-Fish

Bays and estuaries are essential fish habitats, because these areas are constantly changing environments. In southern California, estuaries varied a lot in sea surface temperature (SST) in different locations. With global climate change becomes one of the most concerned problem, fish populations may result from the physiological response to changes in environment, such as SST. Five beach seine locations in southern California were used and mean density of fish per 100 m2 was used as a measurement of abundance of fish. The data trends show beach seine location and SST significantly correlate with the mean density of fish. My interpretations of evidence include many uncertainties about SST, fish density and species. Therefore, there is a need to research the relationship between mean density of different fish species with SST and beach seine locations. As a broader and deeper information base accumulates, researchers will be able to make more accurate predictions and forge relevant solutions to mitigate the global warming problem.

This project will study the effect of sea surface temperature (SST) on fish abundance in different beach seine locations. Data from 5 different beach seine locations are used in order to get a generalized result. I hypothesized that the beach seine locations as well as SST affect the mean density of the fish. For beach seine location, I hypothesized that there is a significant difference in mean density of fish in at least one beach seine location and for SST, there are significant differences in mean density of fish with fluctuations in SST. I would expect that the mean density of the fishes decreased with higher SST as most fishes prefer colder water which have comparatively higher nutrients. For interaction effect between beach seine location, and SST, my hypothesis is that the beach seine locations and SST are correlated with mean density of fish. Although it may be argued that it is impossible to draw the conclusion as there too many influential factors for the density of fish and SST is not the only one determined factor. However, the study still provides a good insight for environmental awareness and guidance for strategies to mitigate the global warming problem.
